hey there it's matt with the decal will
this video is going to show you a few
samples of our mega bling shirts now
this is a custom order we did for a
league up north and all of the moms on
the team got the mega bling shirts so as
you can see they have a custom team name
with the fixity Red Sox and another
moment got a few of the Bombers Facebook
so you have to custom designs there
because they did order more than 10
shirts like the design they did get
design for your way which the design and
setup fee is normally a forty dollar
charge you do get that waived if you
have an order of 10 or more shirts so as
you can see most of these shirts here
they all have the mega bling which is
the full name on the back with the
custom name and the custom number all of
these are available on the website if
you do have a custom design that you
want created specifically for your team
with a logo or team name anything
like that we can create that for you if
you don't have a order of 10 or more
shirts what most people do they'll get
two three four different moms to go in
they just split that $40 setup fee and
then they just do the price of the shirt
you name the price of your shirt as far
as how much you want to upgrade a front
design like this would be around a
30-dollar shirt if you do the full mega
bling on the back the custom mean is a
ten dollar upgrade and then the one
number is ten dollars if you have two
numbers like this 55 there are the ten
dollars for the first number six dollars
for the second number so for the full
mega bling add on like that with over
2,000 stones in it it would be a $26
upgrade to have the mega bling on the
fact all customized specifically for
years we are the only business that
makes these mega bloom shirts right now
they are awesome very popular we're
doing
a lot of the baseball wives rather the
major league baseball wise very popular
items right now as you can see this look
great top quality rhinestones and all of
the designs that we use to get the full
mega bling as you can see when it hits
the Sun these shirts just light up so if
you have any questions make sure to
email or call us the office number is 9
for 17 to 14 653 or visit the website at
WWDC LOL calm and here's a few of our
values that we do as well same thing to
match the shirts that all these mom's
got we have a baseball mom Red Sox all
of the custom names or all the custom
numbers on the visor you can see the 2
and the six that mom has two kids number
two and six we can accommodate that as
well so make sure to contact us we look
forward to making some bling for your
league and look forward to working with
you soon
also make sure to contact us for all
your fundraising needs as we do have
decal fundraisers we have vinyl decal
fundraisers rhinestone decal fundraisers
and the shirt fundraisers so make sure
to contact us and we can help all your
fundraising minutes